If Senzo Tanaka Is His Shidoshi, Then Show Us The Dim Mak ;; Movie Hollywood Bloodsport Black Dragon boys
Rule Of Acquisition #1 Once You Have Their Money, You Never Give It Back. ;; TVShow Star Trek Deep Space Nine DS9 Ferengi
Only Someone With The Sharingan And Kekkei Genkai Can Defeat Me ;; Anime Naruto Ninja Itachi Uchiha Vs Kakashi Hatake
https://i.imgur.com/CGQJxHi.jpg ;; adblocker thug complains website goes down image meme ad revenue
https://www.cnn.com/2013/05/22/tech/web/pronounce-gif/index.html ;; Animated Gif jif image pronounced pronunciation english dictionary word creator oxford
This Is Your Last Chance. After This, There Is No Turning Back. ;; Movie Hollywood The Matrix Neo Morpheus
"Beauty is a short-lived tyranny." ;; Quote: Socrates 
We have two lives, and the second begins when we realize we only have one. ;; Quote: Confucius
Equity, as people are now learning, is not about treating people equally, but rather treating them unequally in order to achieve an equal outcome based on race or ethnicity or whatever other category ;; Quote Source: https://www.zerohedge.com/political/california-state-university-drops-sat-test-too-stressful
"Until you make the unconscious conscious, you will call it fate." ;; Quote: Karl Jung. 
"Who is my daddy and what does he do?" ;; Kindergarden Cop, Arnold Schwarzeneger, pop culture
"I’d rather be hated for who I am, than loved for who I am not." ;; Kurt Cobain Quote
"A friend should always underestimate your virtues and an enemy overestimate your faults." ;; Don Vito Corleone, 'Godfather'.
"Your scientists were so preoccupied with whether they could, they didn't stop to think if they should." ;; Ian Malcolm, 'Jurassic Park.'


"A man either lives life as it happens to him, meets it head-on and licks it, or he turns his back on it and starts to wither away." Dr. Boyce, "The Menagerie," ("The Cage")|;; Star Trek quote.
"Logic is the beginning of wisdom, not the end." Mr. Spock, Star Trek VI: The Undiscovered Country|;; Star Trek quote.
"I haven't faced death. I've cheated death. I've tricked my way out of death and patted myself on the back for my ingenuity; I know nothing." James T. Kirk, Star Trek II: The Wrath of Khan|;; Star Trek quote.
"You may find that having is not so pleasing a thing as wanting. This is not logical, but it is often true." Mr. Spock, "Amok Time"|;; Star Trek quote.
"Live now; make now always the most precious time. Now will never come again." Jean-Luc Picard, "Inner Light"|;; Star Trek quote.
"Computers make excellent and efficient servants, but I have no wish to serve under them." Mr. Spock, "The Ultimate Computer"|;; Star Trek quote.
"With the first link, the chain is forged. The first speech censored, the first thought forbidden, the first freedom denied, chains us all irrevocably." Jean-Luc Picard, "The Drumhead"|;; Star Trek quote.
"It's not safe out here. It's wondrous, with treasures to satiate desires both subtle and gross; but it's not for the timid." Q, "Q Who?"|;; Star Trek quote.
"... the prejudices people feel about each other disappear when they get to know each other." James T. Kirk, "Elaan of Troyius"|;; Star Trek quote.
"What makes one man an exceptional leader? We see indications that it's his negative side which makes him strong, that his evil side, controlled and disciplined, is vital to his strength. Your negative side removed from you, the power of command begins to elude you." Mr. Spock, "The Enemy Within"|;; Star Trek quote.
"A library serves no purpose unless someone is using it." Mr. Atoz, "All Our Yesterdays"|;; Star Trek quote.
"When dreams become more important than reality, you give up travel, building, creating; you even forget how to repair the machines left behind by your ancestors. You just sit living and reliving other lives left behind in the thought records." Vina, "The Menagerie" ("The Cage")|;; Star Trek quote.
"Insufficient facts always invite danger." Mr. Spock, "Space Seed"|;; Star Trek quote.
"Perhaps man wasn't meant for paradise. Maybe he was meant to claw, to scratch all the way." James T. Kirk, "This Side of Paradise"|;; Star Trek quote.
"Madness has no purpose. Or reason. But it may have a goal." Mr. Spock, "The Alternative Factor"|;; Star Trek quote.
"Insults are effective only where emotion is present." Mr. Spock, "Who Mourns for Adonais?"|;; Star Trek quote.
"Humans do have an amazing capacity for believing what they choose -- and excluding that which is painful." Mr. Spock, "And The Children Shall Lead"|;; Star Trek quote.
"When a child is taught, it's programmed with simple instructions, and at some point, if its mind develops properly, it exceeds the sum of what it was taught, thinks independently." Dr. Daystrom, "The Ultimate Computer"|;; Star Trek quote.
"Genius doesn't work on an assembly line basis. Did Einstein, Kazanga or Sitar of Vulcan produce new and revolutionary theories on a regular schedule? You can't simply say, 'Today I will be brilliant.'" James T. Kirk, "The Ultimate Computer"|;; Star Trek quote.
"In critical moments, men sometimes see exactly what they wish to see." Mr. Spock, "The Tholian Web"|;; Star Trek quote.
"Compassion: that's the one things no machine ever had. Maybe it's the one thing that keeps men ahead of them." Dr. McCoy, "The Ultimate Computer"|;; Star Trek quote.
"Change is the essential process of all existence." Mr. Spock, "Let That Be Your Last Battlefield"|;; Star Trek quote.
"The intellect is not all... but its cultivation must come first, or the individual makes errors... wastes time in unprofitable pursuits." Flint, "Requiem for Methuselah"|;; Star Trek quote.
"Without followers, evil cannot spread." Mr. Spock, "And The Children Shall Lead"|;; Star Trek quote.
"Our species can only survive if we have obstacles to overcome. You remove those obstacles. Without them to strengthen us, we will weaken and die." James T. Kirk, "Metamorphosis"|;; Star Trek quote.
"Curious, how often you humans manage to obtain that which you do not want." Mr. Spock, "Errand of Mercy"|;; Star Trek quote.
"We're a most promising species, Mr. Spock, as predators go. Did you know that? I frequently have my doubts. I don't. Not any more. And maybe in a thousand years or so, we'll be able to prove it." James T. Kirk, "Arena"|;; Star Trek quote.
"I speak of rights! A machine has none; a man must. If you do not grant him that right, you have brought us down to the level of the machine; indeed, you have elevated that machine above us! " Samuel T. Cogley, "Court Martial"|;; Star Trek quote.
"To all mankind -- may we never find space so vast, planets so cold, heart and mind so empty that we cannot fill them with love and warmth." Garth, "Dagger of the Mind"|;; Star Trek quote.
"Human beings do not survive on bread alone ... but on the nourishments of liberty. For what indeed is a man without freedom ... naught but a mechanism, trapped in the cogwheels of eternity." Harry Mudd, "I, Mudd"|;; Star Trek quote.
"We prefer to help ourselves. We make mistakes, but we're human -- and maybe that's the word that best explains us." Kirk, "I, Mudd"|;; Star Trek quote.
"It's time you learned that freedom is never a gift. It has to be earned." James T. Kirk, "The Return of the Archons"|;; Star Trek quote.
"To be human is to be complex. You can't avoid a little ugliness -- from within -- and from without." James T. Kirk, "Requiem for Methuselah"|;; Star Trek quote.
"Improve a mechanical device and you may double productivity. But improve man, you gain a thousandfold." Khan Noonian Singh, "Space Seed"|;; Star Trek quote.
"It's hard to believe that something which is neither seen nor felt can do so much harm." "That's true. But an idea can't be seen or felt." Vanna/Kirk, "The Cloud Minders"|;; Star Trek quote.
"You know the greatest danger facing us is ourselves, and irrational fear of the unknown. There is no such thing as the unknown. Only things temporarily hidden, temporarily not understood." James T. Kirk, "The Corbomite Maneuver"|;; Star Trek quote.
"Your will to survive, your love of life, your passion to know ... Everything that is truest and best in all species of beings has been revealed to you. Those are the qualities that make a civilization worthy to survive." Lai the Vian, "The Empath"|;; Star Trek quote.
"A species that enslaves other beings is hardly superior -- mentally or otherwise." James T. Kirk, "The Gamesters of Triskelion"|;; Star Trek quote.
"When the personality of a human is involved, exact predictions are hazardous." Dr. McCoy, "The Lights of Zetar"|;; Star Trek quote.
"Instruments register only through things they're designed to register. Space still contains infinite unknowns." Mr. Spock, "The Naked Time"|;; Star Trek quote.
"Look at these three words written larger than all the rest, and with special pride never written before or since -- tall words, proudly saying "We the people" ... these words and the words that follow ... must apply to everyone or they mean nothing." James T. Kirk, "The Omega Glory"|;; Star Trek quote.
"Without freedom of choice there is no creativity." James T. Kirk, "The Return of the Archons"|;; Star Trek quote.
"I object to intellect without discipline; I object to power without constructive purpose." Mr. Spock, "The Squire of Gothos"|;; Star Trek quote.
"Now, I don't pretend to tell you how to find happiness and love, when every day is a struggle to survive. But I do insist that you do survive, because the days and the years ahead are worth living for! " Edith Keeler, "The City on the Edge of Forever"|;; Star Trek quote.
"Road to hell is paved with good intentions." Benjamin Sisko ;; Star Trek quote 
“A guilty conscience is a small price to pay for the safety of the Alpha Quadrant, so I will learn to live with it. Because I can live with it. I can live with it. Computer, erase that entire personal log.”  — Benjamin Sisko ;; Star Trek ds9 quote "In The Pale Moonlight"
“Let me tell you something about Hew-mons, Nephew. They're a wonderful, friendly people, as long as their bellies are full and their Holosuites are working. But take away their creature comforts, deprive them of food, sleep, sonic showers, put their lives in jeopardy over an extended period of time and those same friendly, intelligent, wonderful people... will become as nasty and as violent as the most bloodthirsty Klingon.” — Quark ;; Star Trek ds9 quote "The Siege of AR-558"
"But the point is, if you lie all the time, nobody's going to believe you, even when you're telling the truth." — Dr. Bashir "Are you sure that's the point, doctor?" — Garak "Of course. What else could it be?" — Dr. Bashir "That you should never tell the same lie twice." — Garak ;; Star Trek ds9 quote "Improbable Cause" 

Once you have their money, never give it back;; Rules of Acquisition
You can't cheat an honest customer, but it never hurts to try;; Rules of Acquisition
Never spend more for an acquisition than you have to;; Rules of Acquisition
Sex and profit are the two things that never last long enough;; Rules of Acquisition
If you can't break a contract, bend it;; Rules of Acquisition
Never let family stand in the way of opportunity;; Rules of Acquisition
Always keep your ears open;; Rules of Acquisition
Keep count of your change;; Rules of Acquisition
Instinct plus opportunity equals profit;; Rules of Acquisition
A dead customer can't buy as much as a live one;; Rules of Acquisition
Latinum isn't the only thing that shines;; Rules of Acquisition
Anything worth selling is worth selling twice;; Rules of Acquisition
Anything worth doing is worth doing for money;; Rules of Acquisition
Anything stolen is pure profit;; Rules of Acquisition
Acting stupid is often smart;; Rules of Acquisition
A deal is a deal ... until a better one comes along;; Rules of Acquisition
A bargain usually isn't;; Rules of Acquisition
A Ferengi without profit is no Ferengi at all;; Rules of Acquisition
Don't lie too soon after a promotion;; Rules of Acquisition
When the customer is sweating, turn up the heat;; Rules of Acquisition
Never place friendship before profit;; Rules of Acquisition
Wise men can hear profit in the wind;; Rules of Acquisition
Never take the last coin, but be sure to get the rest;; Rules of Acquisition
Never ask when you can take;; Rules of Acquisition
Fear makes a good business partner;; Rules of Acquisition
The vast majority of the rich in this galaxy did not inherit their wealth; they stole it;; Rules of Acquisition
The most beautiful thing about a tree is what you do with it after you cut it down;; Rules of Acquisition
Morality is always defined by those in power;; Rules of Acquisition
When someone says "It's not the money," they're lying;; Rules of Acquisition
Talk is cheap; synthehol costs money;; Rules of Acquisition
Never make fun of a Ferengi's mother;; Rules of Acquisition
Be careful what you sell. It may do exactly what the customer expects;; Rules of Acquisition
It never hurts to suck up to the boss;; Rules of Acquisition
War is good for business;; Rules of Acquisition
Peace is good for business;; Rules of Acquisition
Too many Ferengi can't laugh at themselves anymore;; Rules of Acquisition
You can always buy back a lost reputation;; Rules of Acquisition
Free advertising is cheap;; Rules of Acquisition
Praise is cheap. Heap it generously on all users;; Rules of Acquisition
If you see profit on a journey, take it;; Rules of Acquisition
Money talks, but having a lot of it gets more attention;; Rules of Acquisition
Only negotiate when you are certain to profit;; Rules of Acquisition
Caressing an ear is often more forceful than pointing a weapon;; Rules of Acquisition
Never argue with a loaded phaser;; Rules of Acquisition
Profit has limits. Loss has none;; Rules of Acquisition
Labor camps are full of people who trusted the wrong person;; Rules of Acquisition
Never trust a man wearing a better suit than you own;; Rules of Acquisition
The bigger the smile, the sharper the knife;; Rules of Acquisition
Old age and greed will always overcome youth and talent;; Rules of Acquisition
Never bluff a Klingon;; Rules of Acquisition
Never admit a mistake if there's someone else to blame;; Rules of Acquisition
Only Bugsy could have built Las Vegas;; Rules of Acquisition
Sell first; ask questions later;; Rules of Acquisition
Never buy anything you can't sell;; Rules of Acquisition
Always sell at the highest possible profit;; Rules of Acquisition
Pursue profit; women come later;; Rules of Acquisition
Good users are almost as rare as Latinum - treasure them;; Rules of Acquisition
Friendship is seldom cheap;; Rules of Acquisition
Free advice is never cheap;; Rules of Acquisition
Never use Latinum where your words will do;; Rules of Acquisition
Never buy what can be stolen;; Rules of Acquisition
The riskier the road, the greater the profit;; Rules of Acquisition
Power without profit is like a ship without an engine;; Rules of Acquisition
Don't talk shop; talk shopping;; Rules of Acquisition
Don't talk ship; talk shipping;; Rules of Acquisition
Anyone serving in a fleet who is crazy can be relieved, if they ask for it;; Rules of Acquisition
Enough is never enough;; Rules of Acquisition
Compassion is no substitute for profit;; Rules of Acquisition
You could afford your ship without your government - if it weren't for your government;; Rules of Acquisition
Get the money first, then let the buyers worry about collecting the merchandise;; Rules of Acquisition
Gamble and trade have two things in common: risk and Latinum;; Rules of Acquisition
Never let the competition know what you're thinking;; Rules of Acquisition
Never trust advice from a dying Ferengi; listen but don't trust;; Rules of Acquisition
A Ferengi without profit is no Ferengi at all;; Rules of Acquisition
Home is where the heart is, but the stars are made of Latinum;; Rules of Acquisition
Every once in a while, declare peace. It confuses the hell out of your enemies;; Rules of Acquisition
Go where no Ferengi has gone before; where there is no reputation there is profit;; Rules of Acquisition
Don't discriminate. The most unlikely species can create the best users;; Rules of Acquisition
Benefit from the Vulcan greed for knowledge;; Rules of Acquisition
If it works, sell it. If it works well, sell it for more. If it doesn't work, quadruple the price and sell it as an antique;; Rules of Acquisition
There's nothing more dangerous than an honest businessman;; Rules of Acquisition
A smart customer is not a good customer;; Rules of Acquisition
Revenge is profitless;; Rules of Acquisition
She can touch your ears but never your Latinum;; Rules of Acquisition
Death takes no bribes;; Rules of Acquisition
A wife is a luxury, a smart accountant a necessity;; Rules of Acquisition
Trust is the biggest liability of all;; Rules of Acquisition
When the boss comes to dinner, it never hurts to have the wife wear something;; Rules of Acquisition
Latinum lasts longer than lust;; Rules of Acquisition
Mine is better than ours;; Rules of Acquisition
He who drinks fast pays slow;; Rules of Acquisition
Never confuse wisdom with luck;; Rules of Acquisition
He's a fool who makes his doctor his heir;; Rules of Acquisition
Beware of small expenses: a small leak will kill a ship;; Rules of Acquisition
Important, more important, Latinum;; Rules of Acquisition
Faith moves mountains - of inventory;; Rules of Acquisition
If you would keep a secret from an enemy, don't tell it to a friend;; Rules of Acquisition
Profit is the better part of valor;; Rules of Acquisition
Never trust a wise man;; Rules of Acquisition
Everything that has no owner, needs one;; Rules of Acquisition
Never do something you can make someone do for you;; Rules of Acquisition
Nature decays, but Latinum lasts forever;; Rules of Acquisition
Sleep can interfere with opportunity;; Rules of Acquisition
Money is never made. It is merely won or lost;; Rules of Acquisition
Wise men don't lie, they just bend the truth;; Rules of Acquisition
There is no honor in poverty;; Rules of Acquisition
Win or lose, there's always Huyperian Beetle Snuff;; Rules of Acquisition
A woman wearing clothes is like a man without profit;; Rules of Acquisition
Dignity and an empty sack is worth the sack;; Rules of Acquisition
Only a fool passes up a business opportunity;; Rules of Acquisition
Treat people in your debt like family ... exploit them;; Rules of Acquisition
Never sleep with the boss's wife unless you pay him first;; Rules of Acquisition
Never sleep with the boss's sister;; Rules of Acquisition
Small print leads to large risk;; Rules of Acquisition
Greed is eternal;; Rules of Acquisition
There's always a way out;; Rules of Acquisition
If the profit seems too good to be true, it usually is;; Rules of Acquisition
Never cheat an honest man offering a decent price;; Rules of Acquisition
Buy, sell, or get out of the way;; Rules of Acquisition
Even a blind man can recognize the glow of Latinum;; Rules of Acquisition
Everything is for sale, even friendship;; Rules of Acquisition
As the users go, so goes the wise profiteer;; Rules of Acquisition
A friend is only a friend until you sell him something. Then he is a customer;; Rules of Acquisition
Friendship is temporary, profit is forever;; Rules of Acquisition
A lie isn't a lie until someone else knows the truth;; Rules of Acquisition
A lie isn't a lie, it's just the truth seen from a different point of view;; Rules of Acquisition
Gratitude can bring on generosity;; Rules of Acquisition
Ferengi are not responsible for the stupidity of other races;; Rules of Acquisition
Never trust your users;; Rules of Acquisition
Never trust a beneficiary;; Rules of Acquisition
If it gets you profit, sell your own mother;; Rules of Acquisition
The flimsier the produce, the higher the price;; Rules of Acquisition
Never judge a customer by the size of his wallet ... sometimes good things come in small packages;; Rules of Acquisition
There's always a catch;; Rules of Acquisition
The only value of a collectible is what you can get somebody else to pay for it;; Rules of Acquisition
The sharp knife cuts quickly. Act without delay!;; Rules of Acquisition
Necessity is the mother of invention. Profit is the father;; Rules of Acquisition
Law makes everyone equal, but justice goes to the highest bidder;; Rules of Acquisition
Wives serve; brothers inherit;; Rules of Acquisition
The answer to quick and easy profit is: buy for less, sell for more. If it doesn't work, quadruple the price and sell it as an antique;; Rules of Acquisition
Competition and fair play are mutually exclusive. Fair play and financial loss go hand-in-hand;; Rules of Acquisition
A Ferengi waits to bid until his opponents have exhausted themselves;; Rules of Acquisition
The family of Fools is ancient;; Rules of Acquisition
There's nothing wrong with charity ... as long as it winds up in your pocket;; Rules of Acquisition
Always ask for the costs first;; Rules of Acquisition
If possible, sell neither the sizzle nor the steak, but the Elphasian wheat germ;; Rules of Acquisition
New users are like razor-toothed gree worms. They can be succulent, but sometimes they bite back;; Rules of Acquisition
Opportunity waits for no one;; Rules of Acquisition
Females and finances don't mix;; Rules of Acquisition
Make your shop easy to find;; Rules of Acquisition
Sometimes, what you get free costs entirely too much;; Rules of Acquisition
Ask not what your profits can do for you; ask what you can do for your profits;; Rules of Acquisition
You can't free a fish from water;; Rules of Acquisition
The difference between manure and Latinum is commerce;; Rules of Acquisition
What's mine is mine, and what's yours is mine too;; Rules of Acquisition
Even in the worst of times, someone turns a profit;; Rules of Acquisition
You are surrounded by opportunities; you just have to know where to look;; Rules of Acquisition
Don't pay until you have the goods;; Rules of Acquisition
The customer is always right ... until you have their cash;; Rules of Acquisition
Respect is good, Latinum is better;; Rules of Acquisition
Never kill a customer, unless you make more profit out of his death than out of his life;; Rules of Acquisition
His money is only yours when he can't get it back;; Rules of Acquisition
A thirsty customer is good;; Rules of Acquisition

In the end, the only way to make large groups of people do what they well and truly do not want to do is to get  them to act like they believe things that they do not actually believe.  and the only way to do that is to make them think that everyone else believes these things so that they bow to a false consensus and get in line. ;; abilene paradox bias cognitive

"Never allow someone to be your priority while allowing yourself to be their option" ;; Mark Twain quote
"Reader, suppose you were an idiot. And suppose you were a member of Congress. But I repeat myself." ;; Mark Twain quote
"I have never let my schooling interfere with my education." ;; Mark Twain quote
"Classic′ - a book which people praise and don't read." ;; Mark Twain quote
"Whenever you find yourself on the side of the majority, it is time to reform (or pause and reflect)." ;; Mark Twain quote
"If you tell the truth, you don't have to remember anything." ;; Mark Twain quote
"The difference between the almost right word and the right word is really a large matter. ’tis the difference between the lightning bug and the lightning." ;; Mark Twain quote
"Wrinkles should merely indicate where the smiles have been." ;; Mark Twain quote
"What would men be without women? Scarce, sir...mighty scarce." ;; Mark Twain quote
"Don't part with your illusions. When they are gone you may still exist, but you have ceased to live." ;; Mark Twain quote
"If you pick up a starving dog and make him prosperous he will not bite you. This is the principal difference between a dog and man." ;; Mark Twain quote
"When I was a boy of 14, my father was so ignorant I could hardly stand to have the old man around. But when I got to be 21, I was astonished at how much the old man had learned in seven years." ;; Mark Twain quote
"I do not fear death. I had been dead for billions and billions of years before I was born, and had not suffered the slightest inconvenience from it." ;; Mark Twain quote

Dorsey described algorithms as having an impact on free will, since while government and social media moderation policies can affect users’ ability to share their views, algorithms can subconsciously affect how people interpret and understand the world in the first place, and thus what views they end up having. ;; Jack Dorsey freedom algorythm

